feat(linux): try to set `rmem_max` and `wmem_max` on startup (#10349)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: website/src/app/kb/deploy/gateways/readme.mdx

### Performance tuning

The default receive and send buffer sizes on Linux are quite small which can
limit the maximum throughput that users can achieve.

> The Gateway attempts to increase the UDP send and receive buffer sizes on the
> system to 16 and 128 MB respectively. It does that by setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gateway attempts to increase the *system-wide* UDP send and receive buffer max sizes to 16 and 128 MB respectively. It does that by setting
```
suggestion: 
-  make it more clear that it's a system-wide setting that can impact other processes
- be clear that it's just the "max" sizes, not the default

`net.core.wmem_max` and `net.core.rmem_max`. This will however only work for
Gateways deployed on bare-metal and not via Docker as Docker mounts `/proc/sys`
as a read-only file system.

To disable this behaviour, you can set `FIREZONE_NO_INC_BUF=true`.

To ensure good throughput, it is advisable to ensure these parameters are set
correctly.

> 

Reviewer: I would add a warning that nowother processes on the system can request larger buffers as well, which can have an impact on overall performance if they do.

(perhaps redundant if we applied the suggestion above)
